College Football 26 Online Dynasty League Charter

Officers
League Commish: Yesko
Discord Owner: Victorious

1. League Rules

1.1. Game Settings
Platform: College Football 26
Dynasty Mode: Online
Difficulty: All American
Quarter Length: 4 Minutes
Sliders: Default
Injuries: On
Wear and Tear: Off

1.2. Scheduling 
All games must be played by the specified advance day cadence (Tuesday and Friday at 9am EST). If a game is not played by the deadline, the league will force advance.
Special circumstances (e.g., vacation, work trip) will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis by the commissioner.
Simulations against RANKED opponents or in games that impact conference champions, playoffs, or bowl games will be simulated by the computers
Games against unranked opponents may be simmed as a force win for the user. This can be determined at the discretion of the commish.
If the league advances early (before the scheduled advance day), the next forced advance will be on the following scheduled advance day. For example, if the league advances on Monday instead of Tuesday, the next forced advance will be Friday morning, not Tuesday.
Holiday breaks and breaks between seasons will be voted on by the league.
Do not tag or bug other users to play their games. The regular advance cadence is designed to prevent this.

1.3 Rule Changes
Rules may only be changed during the offseason unless a super majority of members agree. All users must vote for an off cycle rule change
Rule changes may be proposed at any time by active members. Proposals should be placed in #offseason-topics
The Commish (or Vice Commish should one be elected) will place proposals in #offseason-voting and notify all members. Polls are live for 24 hours and are enacted based on the results
Users are expected to vote in all polls. If they do not vote, they will adhere to the will of the voting members.

1.4. User vs User Games 
Every user must play at least one user vs user (PvP) game per regular season. Most matchups will occur during conference play.
If a user does not have a conference user game, the commissioner will assign a user game. If no one volunteers, a matchup will be assigned.
If you are in a user game and must stop the match for any reason, you will receive a forced loss, regardless of the score or time remaining.
If there is a connection loss, the match must be restarted immediately unless both parties agree otherwise. If a user refuses to play, they will receive a forced loss.

1.5. Game Integrity and Conduct
Zero tolerance for tampering. Restarting games or engaging in any unethical behavior will result in punishment at the commissioner's discretion (e.g., forced losses, season bans). You may plead your case, but the commissioner's decision is final.
If you attempt to manipulate or take advantage of league rules, especially regarding user games, you will be punished accordingly.

1.6. Gameplay and Streaming
There is no requirement to stream games, but you may do so if you wish.
There are no restrictions on play style, plays run, or user preferences. If it is in the game and within league settings, it is allowed.

2. Commissioner Roles & Expectations
Oversee league operations: Scheduling, rule enforcement, and conflict resolution.
Advance the league: On schedule, or as soon as all games are played.
Rule enforcement: Investigate and address any rule violations.
Communication: Keep all users informed of advances, rule changes, and important updates.
Neutrality: Remain impartial in all disputes.
Engagement: Commish must have Discord notifications ON and should not mute other coaches. Issues of harassment of the commish should be brought to the league as a whole

3. User Roles & Expectations
Active Participation: Play games on time and communicate if unavailable.
Respect: Treat all members with respect and follow league rules.
Scheduling: Coordinate with opponents for user games promptly.
Reporting: Report any issues, rule violations, or scheduling conflicts to the commissioner.
Engagement: Participate in league discussions and votes. All users must have Discord notifications ON and should not mute other coaches. Issues of harassment should be brought to the Commish

4. League Roster
Active Members
BoozeRob - Washington
havron24 - Nebraska CornHuskies
robinsonn1 - Texas
MB - Colorado
Sedelhammer - Pittsburgh
Vicktorious - Virginia Tech
wustyman - Ole Miss
Yesko19 - Florida State
Zschrode - UCLA

Retired Members
SpartyMO - MIchigan State
BALK3 - USC ðŸ™

5. League History
2025 Season
National Champion: havron24 - Nebraska CornHuskies
Playoff Participants:
havron24 - Nebraska CornHuskies
BoozeRob - Washington
Sedelhammer - Pittsburgh
wustyman - USF

Job Changes
wustyman - USF -> Ole Miss
robinsonn1 - Boise State -> Texas